TRANSCRIPT
Source: demo_call.m4a
==================================================

Just give me a second. We'll let Ben in. Okay, so Naveens, can I change his name to actually going forward? Now if you can put Clara's display picture, that'll be helpful. Clara support. I'm changing your name. And... Okay, cool. I'll let him in. Yes. The good. All right. Letting him in in three, two, one. And Ben is in very sweet guy by the way. He's in. Hey Ben. Good afternoon. Oh, wait. Oh, hey, hi. Good afternoon. Hey, Ben. How are you? 
I'm doing well. How are you? Very well. Thank you so much for asking. 
Very, really excited to kick things off for you. And yeah, 
I mean, how have things been since the last time we spoke? Good.
 Busy. Busy. That's good. I'm going around for sure. So that's, it's been fun. Yeah, I just signed the, the docusign. Oh, okay. And it did look like it said like a 12 month term. And I think we were talking about three months to start. Correct. So what it means there is that after the three months, if you decide to continue, which I'm sure you will, the price will stay the same. So that's what that 12 month term men means. So you'll be good. Perfect. It just helps you with the cost increase. Yeah. So you've signed the docusign. Yeah. Awesome. I think I'll be getting a notification, the billing team. And I think the card that you probably the details that you shared with me, that also might be in process of getting executed. So I think we're good. But all that aside, I just wanted to introduce the, the new phase that you can probably see on your screen. That's Pavan. Hey, Ben. I wanted to get somebody who, I mean, who understands things in and out and turns out Pavan's the one who started the whole journey of Clara answers. So he's somebody who's way deeply knitted into this program, this solution. So he'll match your pace, understand your expectations and of course married and then present the solution to you. So he's going to be a dedicated point of contact. But if in this, if any case, if at any point there has to be more people involved, we'll of course notify you and then we loop other people in as well. Okay. So that's how to let Pavan take over and yeah, we'll kick things off. Yeah. Thank you so much, Barat. And yeah, Barat is my hype man, right? Perfect. Right with all the intro. But yeah, I'm super excited to get you started, Ben. We've got all the context of your business, what you're trying to solve with, you know, the first solution here that is, you know, AI for answering for your business. Got all the context from Barat in the way you guys operate today. With that information, we already have the, you know, base variant of the agent configured. Just one, just couple of details, you know, some details that I wanted to clarify so that we can complete that configuration and make the agent available for your testing today itself. Right. That'll be the target. The way the process would look like as well is we'll share the number on which the agent will be available and the dashboard as well so that, you know, you can run some test calls, see how the agent is responding, all that. After this call, I'll share that details with you by making those final configurations. And then post that, we can probably set up another call for Friday if you have some time, because you get this one day to really test and, you know, run some test calls, see if you'd want anything changed. And then, you know, we can probably, you know, have the agent take live calls this weekend. Right. Okay. So, personally to, I mean, get an understanding, we'll divide the conversation into during office hours and after hours just to get the behavior that we'd want to have for the agent. So for during office hours, then is it only you who takes all the incoming calls from customers or is there anyone else as well? No, right now it's just me. Yeah. So, we have some steady like contractors, they have the phone numbers for some of my team so they can talk directly for the guys in the field. But generally, like what I need this for is the new clients, the small jobs, the service calls, people that call every day that we don't have already working relationship with. So, but anyways, yeah, it's me that takes those calls. Oh, yeah, makes sense. And then, so when Clara will be set up, the way it will be set up is your main business line today by default, the forwarding will be set up from there to Clara. So, you know, we can start off with, so what I understand from birth is you only have one number and that is your personal number that is your business line. I think that is, do you, do you by any chance happen to have a second number? I do. I've got a, I was actually thinking about this a while ago. I actually have another phone with the phone line that I'm going to use for personal. Oh, that's perfect. Yeah, I just have to get it going and tell all my contacts my new number. Perfect. Yeah, so, yeah, I was going to say, like, can I turn until I get that done, am I able to turn Clara off and on as needed kind of thing or? Yes. So the way, then we can, the way we can set it up is, you know, on your phone, do you have an iOS device, like an Apple device or an Android? Android. Perfect. That makes it even easier because you can really set some, you know, the way we can start off is on your phone, you can set up the call forwarding in a way where if you do not answer the call or if you decline the call, then we can forward the calls to Clara. So in that way, in that way, we can start off like that until you have the second number up and running. Once the second number is up, then, you know, we can have Clara be the first point of contact and then if someone wants to talk to you or, you know, then, then we can transfer it to the second number. Oh, I was actually going to ask that today. So Clara can transfer if somebody really needs to talk to me, Clara can transfer that call. Yes. That's where, that's where we'll need that second number. That's where. Oh, got you. Okay. Yep. So that is possible. Cool. So when the second number is up and running, probably that is one number that I'll need from you. You can just, I'll send my, I'll send the details of the agent on the email so you can reply to that. I'll include these pointers as well so that we can. So for office hours, that is one. And then for anyone who's calling to probably schedule an appointment or is inquiring about a quote, do you have any minimum, like a visit fee that you charge if you have to ever give out an estimate? Yeah, our structure is set up like for service calls. We do have a service call fee, which is $115. That's a call out, which is what gets us to the job site. And then our hourly charge is in half hour increments after that at the hourly rate of $90 an hour for a residential. Okay. Is it 98 or 90? 98. Okay. Perfect. So for half hour is going to be of course, 49. Yeah. Cool. And then for the initial 150, so for that, do you have a, like does that cover for the first one or two hours or anything like that? Well, that's just the call out to get to site. Okay. And then, okay. So. So basically it's $150 for the first half hour or a hundred. Oh, okay. Yeah. So for the first half hour, it's the initial call out fee and then every after an hour increments from there. Perfect. Makes sense. So, and do you want Clara to mention that on the call or shall we start off with not mentioning and you want to take that call subjectively based on, because some calls. Yeah. Most of the time I've definitely learned that people need to know about that before we, before we book the job. So when people ask, I do want Clara to be able to mention that. Okay. Only if they want to clarify will mention, but we'll not make it a point to mention or anything. I think so. Yeah. I mean, I guess Clara's actually speaks better than I do. Sorry. I'm trying to mute my phone right now. I've got a whole bunch of notifications coming in here. I double book myself. I actually have a flat tire and I've got a mobile tire repair guy right now. Excuse me one quick second. He's just outside my door. Sorry guys. Yeah, there is no problem. Sorry guys. I just got to pay this guy. Yeah. No problem. No problem. Thanks. Thanks. I'll see you guys in the next video. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Oh, so sorry guys. Sorry, sorry, sorry. No problem. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. I hate doing that. Sorry. Sorry. No problem at all. No problem at all. So we're talking about services. Call fee and we'll only include, you know, we'll not make it a point to mention it on all call, but you know, we'll have, we'll have that information. Yeah. When people ask for if there is a minimum fee or anything like that. Cool. And then for everything else, yeah, I think everything else is clear from the website already. So we'll start off there, but you know, we can, you know, we can, you know, we can start off there, but you know, we can any day as the calls come in, you know, we can make changes. It's not like very injured in that way. So if you'd want to include some policies or, you know, if you'd want a specific type of calls handled a little differently, all of that we can, you know, take it up when, as in when they pop up. Okay. So that was one. The other one is so we can send out a notification whenever there is a new call. We have a preferred email address and a phone number so, so that we can have the email and then the SMS send out. Yeah. Let me just think here. Probably the best one info at Ben's electric solutions team.com. Okay. So just so that I don't get the spelling wrong here, will it be possible to drop that in the chat? Yeah, sure. It's basically the same as if you have my email address, it's the same info instead of Ben. Yeah. But I will write it down for you. Yeah. I'll get that from there. And then the number on which you'd, so the main line that you're using will use the same number to send the SMS. The same number to send which sir. So we'll send the post call like whenever there is a new call from the customer, you'll get an SMS as well saying, oh yeah. Yeah. So we'll ask about that too. If it affects text messages or not, but probably not. Oh, okay. Okay. So we'll have the email and text message set up on that number. Okay. Perfect. And so, yeah, if people are text messaging me on this phone, that's not going to get into I'll get those text messages right away. So your phone, your phone, the main line will be working fine on like only the incoming calls are getting forwarded to Clara, but everything. So you can make outbound calls using your number, you can text back and forth, all of that is still, you know, pretty much the same. Perfect. Exactly. Okay. So that is with the officers, but coming to after hours, Ben, do you do any kind of dispatch for after hours? No, we don't do emergency calls. Except for, you know, our existing builders, and I've got one property manager that sometimes they've got some, they've got gas stations that are running 24 seven. So, short answer is no, but yes, for one particular company. Okay. So if you have that one particular company, if you can help me with the details of that company, what we can do is, you know, if a call, if someone from that property calls for an emergency after hours, then you can patch it through to Oh, okay. So you can actually select one number that's allowed to get patched through. Yeah, but it's more, yeah, we can use that number or even if you give me the context of the property, because you don't know who will be calling from that property, right? So you can just give me the details of yes, the customer name, address, if you have that handy, you can drop that in the chat. Yeah. So just the details, customer name, property name, their address, primary contact. So right here in my phone, give me one moment. Yep. So I shall we Okay, so I'll put it in the chat. It's weird. It's a property manager, but they also do a lot of pressure washing and landscaping. So the company is actually called GNM pressure washing, but their property management. I think they can use Clara as well. Yeah, they probably could. Um, Did you say you need their email address as well? Yeah, I mean any any information that you already have so that when they call We know we if they mention hey, I'm Shelley You know this is the number or even if someone else is calling as well and they say hey, this is from Okay, I'm G&M pressure wash. Yeah Yeah, they okay, how is this see if I can I Coffee it here But G&M It's just one question there Ben. So GNM is the property management company But yes the property Okay Is it a specific property under them for which they would call for emergencies or is it their facility itself? No, it's properties that they manage so it's It's gas stations so we do we can work for them they manage Chevron Chevron and so's Okay, so when they call Do they I think they'll be giving you the gas station details, right? Yes. Yeah, she'll she'll normally She's I've had a couple a couple calls in the middle of the night and She'll usually message me or yeah, she'll tell me the details and she'll send me a text message as well So she generally will give all of that information Okay Because yeah, there's several there's several properties about 20 gas stations, you know around the city that we work in Probably have to just let her know Hey, I'm trying this, you know you answering service out so you can just call in and drop all the context and I'll Sure, I'll be there the call will be patched through right to me. Okay, perfect Cool So that covers the after hours as well because there's only one property or you know one customer Yeah, there's there's really only the one customer. Yeah for for everyone else. We'll just have it as You know, we'll get back to you in the next business day and then yeah the working hours are Monday to Friday Shall we take directly from the website? I think it's Monday to Friday and Yeah, Monday to Friday. I think what the website says is eight to four thirty basically Pretty much eight thirty five is kind of what we work, but yeah Perfect. We'll use that information again. Like I said, we're starting there But if you want to make any changes we can always make that Okay, but yeah, that was pretty much it like that was pretty much all the information that I needed because the rest of the information We're already using your website To have the agent trained on it. So there's no problems there But yeah, we should already help us complete the configuration and send the details over to you This is other so I'll send a link to the dashboard where you can see all the calls and then then I'm purposefully not sharing the screen to show you the dashboard around But I don't want you to just log in try try your hand at the dashboard and then when we Probably we can schedule a time on Friday and then that's when You'd already have made some test calls All of them would be on the dashboard and I can just walk you through them how you can actually Put the bash put the dashboard to the best use perfect cool so Of Friday, do you have a time in mind when we can connect again? let me Just make sure my schedule. I've got nothing else going on on Friday Don't think I do if same time works. We can have it in the same time I did oh I think um Where's that I think I've got something on Friday hang on a moment You Yeah, noon's not gonna be good. Okay, so I've got a meeting already a lunch meeting from noon till one on Friday, so How much time do you think we need for the meeting on Friday less than half an hour That's never okay, but probably 15 20 minutes So what we'll essentially be doing is you would after seeing the details today You just you will try making some test calls and then see how the email is coming through how the SMS is coming through how the Details pop up on the dashboard on Friday when we meet it's more of if you observe something that needs Change that's that's something that we will address on the call and then I'll just walk you around the dashboard to probably show you some Okay, nice Yeah, yeah, okay, let's do it in the afternoon. I think that'd be a little better if you've got some time around two o'clock Hey That's fine. I can schedule it for two o'clock on Friday and then perfect ideally so once after we meet on Friday, we can you know have the Setting already We can have the main line. We can have the because that's how I said once you put it in front of the customer You see how you know they're receiving it and you'll already see a lot of I'm given back to yourself With okay all those spam calls and yeah, so at okay, so once we go live Then it's gonna answer the calls. Oh, we can configure it. So it answers the calls if I don't right? Yeah, so that's a setting that we can just do you think the second number will be up by Friday, Ben Would you think that's a possibility? Yeah, that'll be ideal where we can set it up in a way where we could forward all the calls from mainline On to Clara and then from there if someone wants to talk to you know you or someone they're like No, I want to talk to someone because you you'd have that you know percentage of Customers who will be like I don't want to go through this just put me through right okay, we don't want to You know create a lot of friction there so we can just patch them through but we'll just get a quick purpose of You know why they're calling and okay So in the initial few days, there'll be that calibration where you know all the along with all the Spam call, you know one or two spam calls might be going through You know the sales calls that are coming in but we will probably be the education is here and there where Someone told something a little differently and then they they told its relative of yours and then they got through to Make a sales call right so We'll try to have all of that minimize will start off with you know keeping the door Relatively closed will shut the door You know as we yeah Sounds good We'll have the testing piece taken care of in the following conversations and should everything go well We can get things up and running That'd be great. I like it Who then yeah, just watch out for my email there when I'll drop the details of the agent the number Which you can die to talk to the agent nothing is live yet So you can directly call that number have a conversation see how the answer response and okay, you know see the post call workflow in that way as well Yeah, so that was all I had from my side Thank you so much for your time Ben, but yeah Yeah See you Ben just watch out maybe watch out for me. Thank you